I want to ask everyone this one simple question and that is Do we have to lock up everyone like they're fucking dogs Like they're a rabbit dog that's gonna bite people Take for example somebody who's addicted to drugs  And they're stealing things to split their habit Do they as a consequence? Pretend pretend that they're a toddler Okay, what would be a you do you think when you're disciplining a toddler or a child for them your? The consequence is based on the seriousness of the offense, right? and so does a person that is a person that's stealing and  Things just for the drug habit. Is that someone that needs to be locked away like a rabid dog who's gonna bite people? Like a rabid dog who's gonna bite people I think no And california is doing a great job at Reforming their correctional system And getting away from warehousing people. That's not productive right the productive what you the hope is that  People who are doing bad things stop doing bad things right order housing them doesn't help that because really when you do time When you're in the middle when you're actually doing the time it's really irrelevant because it passes by And then before you know, you're out and it seems like nothing so What did what did somebody learn while they were locked up right that's the key like  doing treatment while they're locked up. That's what's important. Fixing whatever the fuck is broken inside them that causes them to do that stuff. I took a victim empathy class when I was in prison and it changed my life. It completely changed my life. You can think whatever you want to think about me.  But when I took that class and I left there and I went back to my bunk and I meditated on what I just heard, it fundamentally changed me. It made me have remorse for the first time in my life. It made me have empathy for the people that I'd hurt and it crippled me. Even after getting released, I remember sitting at a job and sitting there and I would just break down because  All the guilt that I felt for the things I had done And I called my ex's dad And I was like, dude, what am I supposed to do? I was like, I just feel this Incredible freaking sadness. What the fuck am I supposed to feel like? It's It hurts my soul And he's like go somewhere and cry it out And then pull your big boy pants up and get back to work. I was like, that's your big freaking advice. What the fuck?  And uh, it turns out that was actually that that was the solution was to just deal with it, you know fully and It was really hard not to try to run away from it, you know and so That's why that feeling is “embrace the suck” You ever heard my poem embrace the suck That's the muse for it embrace the suck  was when it doesn't matter what the situation is when you're dealing with a really shitty situation, you get in the shitty and you just experience the shitty fully because then when the good comes it'll taste that much sweeter embrace the bad days embrace the rainy days because when the sun shines it'll shine that much brighter, heard that?  Prison saved me. And am I perfect? No. Do I still make mistakes? Yes. But I don't go around doing shitty things intentionally to be a piece of shit. I try my very best to live in a way that I can look myself in the mirror and know that I'm not out here hurting people. That I'm not out here doing damage.  That there's not a shit ton of collateral damage from my bullshit. And it makes it extremely difficult for me when i'm not getting any type of community support. whatever community that i'm in When you, the general public Provides me financial relief or food or whatever.  Food's the most top priority for me. I get hangry, okay. But when i'm not experiencing any i'm not given any community support Especially when i'm seeing people who rob your town blind racking it in. I feel some type of way about that not only that but when i'm not getting community support  I'm more susceptible to being pulled into the criminal underworld. Now, somewhere like Dana Point, somewhere like that, the criminal element's not too particularly strong. There's not, when I look around Dana Point, I don't see a lot of dirtbags out running around. Okay? That means that I don't have the pressure, I don't have people that are all too willing to say, “hey,  buddy, what's up?  Come kick it with me here. You want some drugs? You want this and that?” “Oh, yeah. Hey, I need you to help me out” Right And when i'm getting community support, it's easy to turn those people down. It's easy to say no  Thank you But when i'm not getting community support The the temptation for me to say yes to them is much much greater. It makes it very difficult  I heard that